Update prerender-error.md (#14875)
vercel/next.js: errors/prerender-error.md

#### Possible Ways to Fix It

- Make sure to move any non-pages out of the `pages` folder

> - Check for any code that assumes a prop is available even when it might not be. i.e, have default data for all dynamic pages's props.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check for any code that assumes a prop is available even when it might not be. e.g., have default data for all dynamic pages' props.
```
